you know it feels like every year I come
to CES and ride Electric skateboards
and I've made it my mission to find the
perfect design the first year I rode the
board of Awesomeness it was awesome
last year I experienced unparalleled
speeds and easy boards and this year the
boards are back
so this is the ego electric skateboard
I'm cruising I got this little
controller here you just slide up to go
and you're off
so the board's really light and the
coolest thing about this type thing is
the fact that it feels way more like an
actual skateboard than the previous
boards I've written it's literally a
longboard with a motor attached to it
and it's super lightweight and you
cruise
so this is the underside of the board
and obviously there's a nice big battery
attached to the bottom here we're told
that this thing has a range of 18 miles
on a single charge and as a top speed of
12 miles an hour so you can take this
thing pretty damn far the ego is
hundreds of dollars cheaper than most
other Electric skateboards at 700 bucks
I might just pick one up let's see what
happens when I crank it up
I've written plenty of Electric
skateboards here at CES over the years
but this next one I tested it tested me
so this is the one wheel can't really
call it an electric skateboard but it is
very much a personal transportation
electronic device it's pretty simple the
way it works actually you sort of just
put your foot down on the back here and
then you lean in and make sure your
other foot is on the on the switch and
once you hit the middle the board's
accelerometer and gyroscope kick in and
will maintain your balance and if you
just leave the accelerometer and
gyroscope both kick into action you
really just have to really feel it out
you know rut once you lose your balance
you'll fly right off
so range on the one wheels four to six
miles on a single charge and it has a
top speed of 12 miles an hour but for
something this wonky
I think that's fast enough the one wheel
is an awesome concept brought to light
the self balancing technology inside
made me feel like I'm riding something
out of the future but at thirteen
hundred dollars you're getting a 25
pound contraption that has a pretty
limited range as interesting as it is
it's not something I see myself fine
so I guess my search for the perfect
electric skateboard continues see you
next year
you